numerous media outlets cover
the actuality of the real society but
for various reasons mainly
economics now report from the
distance about our team
loves
everyone would have liked to come but
only two daily media
Basque and sports world have brought their
Special envoys to concentration
from parma
a day of these journalists is more
hard than you would imagine at first
morning time already move to one of
your work places the hotel of
Team concentration
hello good afternoon of parma we are here
with the editor of the Basque newspaper 'míchel
gonzález, how are the
vacation for barman as fine one
little bit of cool these days but
good thank you not in the height of summer
this temperature is always welcome
jokes aside his daily work consists
in being next to the team
the problem this trip are tolls
although it seems curious when
we go to the displacements to the
matches or when we come from the airport
from Milan until here until the
concentration of pharma so that
we always choose to follow the bus
which is the most common and the most reliable
but of course how he has the ticket and
we have to pay we have some
ordinary booths then lose it from
sight as soon as you get to the first
roundabout later you get confused
in the objective before the toll
we hit an accelerator to see if we win a
little time but yesterday we lost it
we lost before reaching good if
curious is that we go for the with the gps
trying to see to see where the toll is
then we say good there are four left
kilometers I have to step slow already
advance until you try to arrive with a
A little bit of time you do not know what
you know many times if that toll has
a detour or is the main but good
although it is a little chaos not everything
are the roundabouts and this way of
driving italy so far we have
had luck
is cast to drivers in italy
his second stop still early has
place in the training camp in
this case school facilities
sports of parma
there they converse they observe they advance texts
and even act as photographers
improvised everything you see necessary
to keep their
readers I think it's something necessary
do not have here to inform our
amateurs of what is happening in
Italy of how the days go by
the parties and think thank you not what
good that several means as they approach
up to the hotel and well that
we also have a lot of pressure
but we support it is worse, almost
the days that there is no match because we
we throw all day here with you
once the training is over
expedition and journalists return to
headquarters where it's the turn of
the interviews with the soccer players are
moments in which the relationship between
both guilds narrows to the point
that some joke also fits
is that the day is going fast
we work and I think we are
pretty much what I've seen
lot of pool and little work of mechel
but many pools here in our
hotel here there in the hotel of
concentration man some dip
Once in a while you have to stick
because with 35 degrees after chatting with
the michelin angel stars return to
your hotel for lunch except for one of the
days where they share table and tablecloth
with the members of the board of
administration that have traveled
accompanying the team
they also advance all the work that
can and if they have a moment
of breath suffocates in the embarrassment of the
best possible way
and good to the possible each one exercising
your work and with respect to one goes to what
yours to one
spend more hours in the pool than here
but but in general risks throughout
of this stage when he has not touched session
vespertina has played
at the same time as when the equipment arrives
stadium the journalists collect their
accreditations and rise to the Tribune
press where they advance with their pages
until the initial beep
after the match they collect the impressions
of the protagonists and prepare for
the closing of the edition the chronicle for
the newspaper chronicled for the web with
your task of the day culminated and sent san
Sebastian arrives at the hour of rest
not too much as you could check
it is the hard life of the special envoy